pimidi_kernel_module/README.rst, before:

This is a Linux kernel module that makes it possible to read/write the
Raspberry Pi's built-in uart at the nonstandard midi baud rate of 31250Hz.

Unfortunately if you ask Linux to talk to a serial port at 31250Hz it
rounds it up to the next "standard" baud rate. Various people have suggested
ways of hacking round that limitation, eg:
http://m0xpd.blogspot.co.uk/2013/01/midi-controller-on-rpi.html

This kernel model arguably provides a more straightforward way to get midi IO
from the pi's uart. It would be much simpler to deploy if it were packaged,
but I don't have time right now. If anybody wants to package it, that would be
very welcome.

Instructions
------------

::

  Install the headers for your kernel. Unfortunately if you're running the
  default Raspbian install you'll need to upgrade your kernel, as the default
  kernel doesn't have a header package

  cd pimidi_kernel_module

  make

  sudo insmod pimidi.ko

  sudo chmod 666 /dev/pimidi1

Anyway, after you've run that lot you should have a midi serial device at
/dev/pimidi1. I haven't been able to test writing to it as I don't have any
equipment with a midi in. Please let me know if it works! And if it doesn't,
please fix it!

Midi is transmitted on pin 8 and received on pin 10. You need to convert
between the pi's 3.3v IO and MIDI's 5v, normally via an optocoupler.

Commit message:

Not very successful attempt at fixing .deb package, update README

pimidi_kernel_module/README.rst, after:

This is a Linux kernel module that makes it possible to read/write the
Raspberry Pi's built-in uart at the nonstandard midi baud rate of 31250Hz.

Unfortunately if you ask Linux to talk to a serial port at 31250Hz it
rounds it up to the next "standard" baud rate. Various people have suggested
ways of hacking round that limitation, eg:
http://m0xpd.blogspot.co.uk/2013/01/midi-controller-on-rpi.html

This kernel model arguably provides a more straightforward way to get midi IO
from the pi's uart.

Instructions
------------

::

  If you're running the default Raspbian install you'll need to upgrade
  your kernel, as the default kernel doesn't have a header package:

  sudo apt-get install linux-headers-3.2.0-4-rpi linux-image-3.2.0-4-rpi

  Update your config.txt to boot into the new kernel, reboot, then:

  sudo dpkg -i pimidi-dkms_0.1_all.deb

  Due to dkms being broken, for the time being you'll need to run the post
  install script manually:

  sudo sh /usr/src/pimidi-0.1/postinst.sh

  You should now have a midi serial device at /dev/pimidi1. I haven't been able
  to test writing to it as I don't have any equipment with a midi in. Please
  let me know if it works! And if it doesn't, please fix it!

Midi is transmitted on pin 8 and received on pin 10. You need to convert
between the pi's 3.3v IO and MIDI's 5v, normally via an optocoupler.
